add docker compose (#21)
developmentseed/eoapi-template: README.md

# eoapi-template

> Template repository to deploy [eoapi](https://eoapi.dev) application using [eoapi-cdk constructs](https://github.com/developmentseed/eoapi-cdk) on AWS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Template repository to deploy [eoapi](https://eoapi.dev) on AWS using the [eoapi-cdk constructs](https://github.com/developmentseed/eoapi-cdk) or locally with Docker.
```

```
npx cdk deploy --all --require-approval never
```

## Docker

> Before deploying the application, you can start exploring the different services using *Docker*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before deploying the application on the cloud, you can start by exploring it with a local *Docker* deployment
```
